readme.md, before:

Local Library Website:
- Used by Library staff to:
  * store information about books
  * store information about borrowers
- Used by Library members to:
  * browse and search for books
  * find out if any copies are available
  * reserve or borrow books

DB Design:
- Need to store information about books(title, summary, author, genre, ISBN)
- Multiple copies can be available (with globally unique ids, availability statuses, etc.)
- Information about the author
- Multiple authors can be available with same or similar names
- Should be able to sort information based on the book title, author, genre, and category.

While designing objects(a group of related information) - each object needs to have a separate model.
We can have three objects in this case :
1) Books
2) Book instances((status of specific physical copies of the book available in the system))
3) Authors

We use models to represent selection-list options. e.g- Drop-down list of choices
Since we do not know all the options up-front and they might change
Here we choose book-genre(e.g. Science Fiction, French Poetry, etc.) for the model - the values of this model can be created dynamically.
We will not to have a model for the BookInstance:status — we will hard code the acceptable values because we don't expect these to change.

--------------------

Defining the Local Library Schema:
- Has separate module for each model. (eg. /models/author.js)

--------------------

Mini challenge:
Create a new route in /routes/users.js that will display the text "You're so cool" at URL /users/cool/. Test it by running the server and visiting http://localhost:3000/users/cool/

Route: The route defines a callback that will be invoked whenever an HTTP GET request with the correct pattern is detected.

Steps:
1) Here the aim is to create a route (/users/cool)
2) So in users.js file replace the first parameter from '/' to '/cool'
 3) Visit http://localhost:3000/users/cool/ and test the result.

--------------------

Commit message:

Routes set up with dummy controller functions

readme.md, after:

Local Library Website:
- Used by Library staff to:
  * store information about books
  * store information about borrowers
- Used by Library members to:
  * browse and search for books
  * find out if any copies are available
  * reserve or borrow books

DB Design:
- Need to store information about books(title, summary, author, genre, ISBN)
- Multiple copies can be available (with globally unique ids, availability statuses, etc.)
- Information about the author
- Multiple authors can be available with same or similar names
- Should be able to sort information based on the book title, author, genre, and category.

While designing objects(a group of related information) - each object needs to have a separate model.
We can have three objects in this case :
1) Books
2) Book instances((status of specific physical copies of the book available in the system))
3) Authors

We use models to represent selection-list options. e.g- Drop-down list of choices
Since we do not know all the options up-front and they might change
Here we choose book-genre(e.g. Science Fiction, French Poetry, etc.) for the model - the values of this model can be created dynamically.
We will not to have a model for the BookInstance:status — we will hard code the acceptable values because we don't expect these to change.

--------------------

Defining the Local Library Schema:
- Has separate module for each model. (eg. /models/author.js)

--------------------

Routes and controllers:

Brief:
- The code to present the information stored in the db to users
- First determine what information we want to be able to display in our pages
- Define appropriate URLs for returning those resources
- Then create the routes (URL Handlers) and views (templates) to display those pages.
- Controller functions to separate out the code to route requests from the code that actually processes the requests

Models are already defined, here we need to create:
1) Routes : To forward the supported requests (also any information encoded in request URLs) to appropriate controller functions
2) Controller functions: To get the requested data from the models, create an HTML page displaying that data and return it to the user to view in the browser
3) Views(templates) used by the controllers to render the data

Routes needed for this website:
1) catalog/ - The home/index page
2) catalog/<object> - The list of all books, bookinstances, genres and authors (e.g /catalogs/books/, /catalogs/genres/)
3) catalog/<object>/<id> - The detail page for a specific book, bookinstance, genre or author with the given _id (eg /catalog/book/1234)
4) catalog/<object>/create - The form to create a new book, bookinstance, genre or author (eg /catalog/book/create)
5) catalog/<object>/<id>/update - The form to update a specific book, bookinstance, genre or author with the given _id field value (eg /catalog/book/1234/update)
6) catalog/<object>/<id>/delete - The form to update a specific book, bookinstance, genre or author with the given _id field value (eg /catalog/book/1234/delete)

--------------------



Mini challenge:
Create a new route in /routes/users.js that will display the text "You're so cool" at URL /users/cool/. Test it by running the server and visiting http://localhost:3000/users/cool/

Route: The route defines a callback that will be invoked whenever an HTTP GET request with the correct pattern is detected.

Steps:
1) Here the aim is to create a route (/users/cool)
2) So in users.js file replace the first parameter from '/' to '/cool'
 3) Visit http://localhost:3000/users/cool/ and test the result.

--------------------
